howdy-doody that's funny yeah you know
you're the funniest man here and a pink
bunny costume his wife made him wear
relax man relax you're looking a little
flushed hey I think we might find out
the answer to our question what question
Monica and I were talking about who
could kick whose ass in a fight you were
Ross there's no question
so you think Ross - you picked Ross Ross
is really strong he's the strongest out
of all three of you except for Joey I
cannot believe you didn't pick me
in her defense she's right I am stronger
I would destroy you
oh really you think you're stronger
won't you prove it oh I'll prove it I'll
prove it like a theorem
stop yeah there's no one's gonna fight
in this apartment Monica people came to
see a fight let's give em what they came
for
you guys could arm wrestle yeah listen
to the nurse you're going down oh
yeah you're going further down downtown
seriously guys the trash talk is
embarrassing okay okay guys one match
winner-take-all wait wait what does the
winner get pride and dignity okay if you
say so
all right ready set go
Wow they're both really strong or
equally weak Oh God Chandler's making
his sex face so you're getting tired oh
I can do this all day yeah me too
getting a little tired though God
exhausted
look this is starting to look really bad
for me okay Mona Mona standing right
over there boom she's talking to Joey
hey you gotta let me win
wait anything you have to let me win my
wife thinks I'm a wimp hey at least you
have a wife
I keep getting divorces and knocking
people up and I'm dressed as Doody
you're Sputnik come on who we kidding
him duty please she's watch him fine
my hero your weird lady
hey hey well I had to give the kid 50
bucks to stop crying that's not so bad
no I also had to go to a couple houses
with him as his girlfriend oh I just
awful with children oh you're good with
kids they're just crazy on Halloween you
know they're all greedy and up on sugar
really think that's all it is absolutely
Halloween is the worst except for
Christmas
and their birthdays I kind of get a
little crazy during the summer too and
any time they're hungry or sleepy well
it's a tough good luck with that
look I want to tell you I'm I'm sorry
you lost oh listen I got a secret for
you
I let him win mm-hmm is that a secret or
a lie
no I let him with Ross yeah would you
tell her that I let you in please oh
yeah
Chandler let me win now Chandler is
really strong oh my arm is so sore I'll
nurse I am strong I'll show you
Oh Taylor please Oh what's the matter
are you scared
let's go big bunny one two three go
I'm gonna kill myself